Scheduler Group by Date: rewrite (#878)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/GroupByDate/description.md

> If appointments are grouped by a resource, you can additionally group them by date first. To do this, set [groupByDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#groupByDate) to **true**. Applies only when the view's [groupOrientation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/#groupOrientation) is *"horizontal"*.

Reviewer: The same comment here: the reader doesn't know what resources are.

> In this demo, you can use the switch below the Scheduler to toggle the value of **groupByDate**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this demo, you can use the switch below the Scheduler to change the value of **groupByDate**.
```

Appointments can be grouped by resources. This demo declares a single resource&mdash;Priority. Refer to the following demo for more information about resources and their configuration: [Resources](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Scheduler/Resources/).

> When appointments are grouped by resources, you can additionally group them by date first. To do this, set [groupByDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#groupByDate) to **true**. You can also use the [same property](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/#groupByDate) for individual views. Grouping by date applies only when the view's [groupOrientation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/#groupOrientation) is *"horizontal"*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When appointments are grouped by resources, you can additionally group them by date. To do this, set [groupByDate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#groupByDate) to **true**. You can also use the [same property](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/#groupByDate) for individual views. Note that Scheduler groups appointments by date only when the view's [groupOrientation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/#groupOrientation) is *"horizontal"*.
```
